MSE430 acrylic chassis

The frame is laser-cut from 3 mm (0.12 in) thick acrylic sheet.
Specifically, I used sheets of dark semi-transparent cast acrylic from
Chemcast GP, because there was a lot left over from a different
project. The design might not work as well with other materials,
because I tweaked the design and cutter settings to work for this
specific material. It can be redone without too much work, though.

This folder contains three versions of the design. chassis.pdf and
chassis.cdr are the final version, but the AutoCAD drawing
(chassis.dwg) doesn't have the engraving/hatch areas because I
couldn't get them to export nicely, so I just added the final touches
with CorelDraw 6.

The frame consists of three layers and four side panels. The
rectangular panels are for the battery cases, and the thin ones go on
the sides to hold the wires away from the wheels. The tabs are
slightly bowed outward for better insertion in the slots, but this is
very sensitive to the kerf, unfortunately.

The botton layer has cutouts for the wheels and holes for the bolts
that secure the motors and ball casters, as well as the slots and
holes for the bolts that connect it to the middle layer.

The middle layer, in addition to the cutouts it shares with the bottom
layer, has rounded slots for passing the wires from the motors and
batteries up to the PCB. There are black engravings around the holes
for the bolts that connect it to the bottom to countersink the bolt
heads. The settings in CutterSettings.las are appropriate to make a
deep engraving with the acrylic I used; other materials might need
adjustment. Note that the pattern is stretched vertically; this is
because the cutter insists on cutting against air flow, so vaporized
material gets redeposited on the top end. The best solution I could
come up with for this was to make it taller to allow the bolt head to
fit anyway. Rotating these patterns sideways will break this.

The top layer has four holes around the edges for the bolts that
secure it and the PCB to the middle layer. These are also countersunk
for a flat, level top. There are also three smaller holes for LEDs
that are press-fit in the top for camera recognition. These holes, as
well as two of the bolt holes, are surrounded by a light gray region
that the cutter translates as a low-intensity engrave (compared to the
solid black of the hex indents). The setting is just enough to burn
through the paper protecting the material without making a deep
cut. This gives the area around the LEDs and those two bolts a diffuse
finish, as opposed to the almost mirror-like material, which allows
them to be seen when an overhead light reflects into the camera. This
same engraving setting is used for the number in the middle.
